at
then dressed supposed born in 99 the goal
was to value the tree in his
together at the start and the local flora in
also putting in place cultures of
aromatic plants
then the building in which we have
installed the activity had to be at
the image of the activity ie
ecological building actually using
local materials and energy
local for this construction so with
essentially natural material
especially at the level of insulation and
building materials
and then its heating we use the
heating pad that powers
also the still and him the still is
him who the heart a little bit our
company that allows the production of
essential oils and floral waters
the goal was to produce from
makes softwood branches of oil
essential that would enter into
aromatherapy and
cosmetics it takes about 250 kg
of aiguilhe to produce half a liter
essential oils beyond
needles one uses the part of the wood
which values ​​and in two products the
left here at bhl we put in products of
boards and other third-party products is the
part that is superior that is not
marketable king combes to do
of the heating pad occupies in
using firewood then the
essential oils these are
products that are very versatile and
using many areas
then there is aromatherapy and the
cosmetics are now products
veterinarians and we have little by little
food products it's really
very varied high level of use and
at the customer level
the goal always being for the company
you have to create new products
to innovate in the field of
aromatherapy especially and that's right
that our biggest one wants to say to
carriers of innovation projects these are
our customers allow us to go from
further and further into the products
that we can propose for their well-being
from the start also our distillery the
purpose was to make her discover especially
to discover an activity that
was new locally and so have
opened the business from the start to the
visit
it allowed people to pass but
also to local people become a little
little see our production
so logically there we turn
now on training by
little aromatherapy workshops you
people come to learn a little
little to use essential oils
do some preparations and then
now we come to training
professional who always goes into the
same meaning ie from the
familiarize everyone with
the use of oils
so we also created to come go from the
distillery a store like this when we
rolls to the image in fact of our
activity and the idea was to use
still the local energy of a craftsman and
of a designer actually who have us
designed and manufactured and designed the store
long that stays in the mind that
wanted ie a use of the
wood is also an enhancement of our
products in a warm atmosphere
then innovation projects and
future projects we want to put in
places his new training product
in aromatherapy and herbal medicine and
then products that will join our
two activities that of sawing and that
essential oil by setting
place of products treatment of the azure
for timber